README.md, before:

# gnip-stream
[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/rweald/gnip-stream.png)](http://travis-ci.org/rweald/gnip-stream)

gnip-stream is a ruby library to connect and stream data from [GNIP](http://gnip.com/).
It utilizes EventMachine and threads under the hood to provide a true streaming
experience without you having to worry about writing non blocking code.

##Installation

Installing gnip-stream is easy. Simply add the following line to your
```Gemfile```:

```ruby
gem 'gnip-stream', :git => "https://github.com/rweald/gnip-stream"
```

##Simple Usage

```ruby
require 'gnip-stream'

#To connect to the special twitter powertrack api
twitter_stream = GnipStream::PowertrackClient.new("http://yourstreamingurl.gnip.com", "someuser", "password")
twitter_stream.consume do |message|
  #process the message however you want
  puts message
end

#To Connect to the Facebook API
facebook_stream = GnipStream::FacebookClient.new("http://yourstreamingurl.gnip.com", "someuser", "password")
facebook_stream.consume do |message|
  puts message
end
```

##Contributors

* [Ryan Weald](https://github.com/rweald)
* [Sharethrough Team](https://github.com/sharethrough)

##License
MIT. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/rweald/gnip-stream/blob/master/LICENSE) file for more details.

Special thanks to [Sharethrough](http://www.sharethrough.com/)

Commit message:

Update README with note about new GNIP API

README.md, after:

# gnip-stream
[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/rweald/gnip-stream.png)](http://travis-ci.org/rweald/gnip-stream)

gnip-stream is a ruby library to connect and stream data from [GNIP](http://gnip.com/).
It utilizes EventMachine and threads under the hood to provide a true streaming
experience without you having to worry about writing non blocking code.

##Installation

Installing gnip-stream is easy. Simply add the following line to your
```Gemfile```:

```ruby
gem 'gnip-stream', :git => "https://github.com/rweald/gnip-stream"
```

##Warning
This gem currently only supports the old version of the gnip powertrack stream. 
Work is in progress to update this gem to support the new gzipped powertrack stream. However, 
due to limitations in Ruby's gzip support the core is having to be re-written to use 
[curb](https://github.com/taf2/curb) rather than eventmachine

##Simple Usage

```ruby
require 'gnip-stream'

#To connect to the special twitter powertrack api
twitter_stream = GnipStream::PowertrackClient.new("http://yourstreamingurl.gnip.com", "someuser", "password")
twitter_stream.consume do |message|
  #process the message however you want
  puts message
end

#To Connect to the Facebook API
facebook_stream = GnipStream::FacebookClient.new("http://yourstreamingurl.gnip.com", "someuser", "password")
facebook_stream.consume do |message|
  puts message
end
```

##Contributors

* [Ryan Weald](https://github.com/rweald)
* [Sharethrough Team](https://github.com/sharethrough)

##License
MIT. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/rweald/gnip-stream/blob/master/LICENSE) file for more details.

Special thanks to [Sharethrough](http://www.sharethrough.com/)
